Streamline workflow (#1838)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/release_notes.md

<!-- Upcoming Release -->
<!-- ================= -->

> * Streamlined workflow ([#1838](https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/1838)). See the [migration guide](migration.md) for detailed migration guidance.

Reviewer: I think the main selling point is the unified handling of multiple foresight modes. Maybe that deserves a statement in the first sentence :)

    **Workflow structure:**

    - The network pipeline now follows a 4-stage progression: `base.nc` → `simplified.nc` → `clustered.nc` → `composed_{horizon}.nc` → `solved_{horizon}.nc`.
    - Cryptic filenames like `elec_s_37_lv1.25_3H_2030.nc` are replaced with readable names. Scenario parameters (clusters, opts, sector_opts) are now set via configuration rather than filename wildcards.

>     - A unified `compose_network` rule handles greenfield, brownfield, and perfect foresight network assembly for both electricity-only and sector-coupled models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A unified `compose_network` rule handles overnight, myopic, and perfect foresight network assembly for both electricity-only and sector-coupled models.
```
Pedantic, but even overnight is in fact brownfield.
